nRF52/README.md, before:


# **Nordic Semiconductor nRF52 beacons** #

Here, you can find MOTAM beacons which has been developed for nRF52.

MOTAM project uses nRF52840 PDK by Nordic Semiconductor in order to improve some aspects of the developed beacons like more security or a longer coverage range.

This is possible thanks to some of the new improvements of Bluetooth 5: long range and extended advertisements.

## Requirements ##

Currently, this project uses:

- nRF5 SDK version 15.0.0
- S140 SoftDevice v6.0.0 API
- nRF52840 DK (PCA10056)

## Get started ##

To compile it, put the folders inside nRF52 into the *\nRF5_SDK_15.0.0\examples\ble_peripheral* folder.

Due to a bug detected in SDK v15.0.0 radio notification module, you have to replace *nRF5_SDK_15.0.0_a53641a/components/ble/ble_radio_notification/ble_radio_notification.h* with the file you can find in repository's SDK folder.

## Applications' description

- **Stop_Sign**:  This application is the starting point of BT5 secure beacon development. It generates a secure signature, in order to authenticate beacon data, and send a beacon frame that includes data and the generated digital signature. For this, ECDSA cryptographic algorithm is used.

> Note: Currently, Stop_Sign development is stopped. With the current nRF5 SDK is not possible to use extended advertisements. The development of this application will be resumed with the release of the next version of nRF5 SDK. [More info here](https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/f/nordic-q-a/34695/how-to-enable-bluetooth-5-extended-advertisement). In the meantime, you can try with *Stop_Sign-Detached_Signature.*

- **Stop_Sign-Detached_Signature**: This is an alternative to Stop_Sign application developed for BT5 devices that don't support extended advertisements. This beacon generates a secure signature, in order to authenticate beacon data, and send two linked frames that include data and a secure digital signature. ECDSA cryptographic algorithm is used for this.

> Note: Currently under development. An alpha version of *Stop_Sign-Detaches_Signature* will be released soon.

## MOTAM Advertisements' format

This is the format of BLE Advertisements designed by MOTAM and implemented in MOTAM beacons.

![MOTAM advertisements' format](https://i.imgur.com/WC5BoQC.png)

SENSOR DATA is different for each beacon type:

![SENSOR DATA of Bicycle state](https://i.imgur.com/RDrxbPa.png)

![SENSOR DATA of Road state](https://i.imgur.com/73khRHF.png)

![SENSOR DATA of Traffic Signal](https://i.imgur.com/m3sDwYy.png)

Commit message:

First version of Intelligent Traffic Light hardware prototype

nRF52/README.md, after:

  

MOTAM project uses nRF52840 PDK by Nordic Semiconductor in order to improve some aspects of the developed beacons like more security or a longer coverage range.

  

This is possible thanks to some of the new improvements of Bluetooth 5: long range and extended advertisements.

  

## Requirements ##

  

Currently, this project uses:

  

- nRF5 SDK version 15.2.0

- S140 SoftDevice v6.1.0 API

- nRF52840 PDK (PCA10056) and nRF52840 Dongle (PCA10059)

  

## Get started ##

  
Each project has a hex folder with the precompiled application and its SoftDevice hex file.
In order to program the device (nRF52840 PDK or Dongle), just use the Programmer application of Nordic Semiconductor [nRF Connect Desktop](https://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/Bluetooth-low-energy/nRF-Connect-for-Desktop). 
1. Program the SoftDevice (included in hex folder).
2. Program the application: PCA10056 hex file for nRF52840 PDK and pca10059 for nRF52840 Dongle.

If you modify the code and you need to recompile the code, put the folders inside nRF52 into the  \nRF5_SDK_15.2.0\examples\ble_peripheral* folder. 
There are several ways for developing code in nRF52, we have done this with [GCC and Eclipse](https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/tutorials/b/getting-started/posts/development-with-gcc-and-eclipse).

  

## Applications' description

  

-  **Intelligent Traffic Light**: This application controls a traffic light with improved characteristics. We have develop a prototype of this, that looks like a standard traffic light, but inside it a nRF52840 is working transmitting through Bluetooth Long Range (PHY CODED) the information in real time about the state of the traffic light (what light is turned on) and what time left for the next state. This information is transmitted in a secured frame by means of cryptographic signature and the MOTAM PKI.

> Note: This application is under development.

![Intelligent Traffic Light prototype](https://i.imgur.com/85sdWkW.png)
